Cody vscode v1.10.0 blog post (#6821)
sourcegraph/about: content/blogposts/2024/cody-vscode-1-10-0-release.md

## Support links for Cody Pro and Enterprise

We have made it easier for Cody Pro and Enterprise users to get assistance when needed, support links are now more prominently displayed so users can easily access help. Cody Pro and Enterprise users can now get more timely responses by filling out a support form. 

<Figure
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/cody-vscode-1.10.0/support1.png"
  alt="Support link in the settings panel"
/>

<Figure
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/cody-vscode-1.10.0/support2.png"
  alt="Support link in the Cody settings panel"
/>

## Improved Document Command

Generating documentation from code has been improved to automatically detect documentable code blocks and provide hints to quickly generate doc strings. When your cursor is on a documentable symbol in JavaScript, TypeScript, Go or Python, a "Opt/Alt+D to Document" ghost text will appear. Pressing Opt/Alt+D will immediately generate documentation for that code block.

<Figure
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/cody-vscode-1.10.0/document-command.png"
  alt="Document Command"
/>

> ## Claude 3 Haiku is now available for Cody Pro 

Reviewer: If we mention Haiku should we also mention that we've updated GPT 4 Turbo to the latest version?

Author: good point!

Cody Pro users now have access to Anthropic’s latest AI model - Claude 3 Haiku. This new model offers significantly faster speeds while maintaining quality and coherence. Claude 3 Haiku is available in the LLM selection dropdown, read more about Claude 3 Haiku [here](https://www.anthropic.com/news/claude-3-haiku). 

<Figure
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/cody-vscode-1.10.0/claude3-haiku.png"
  alt="Claude3 Haiku in the LLM Selection dropdown"
/>

## Better Debugging for Cody

We've added new commands and shortcuts to make debugging Cody easier, these improvements enable debugging and accessing logs. 

> - Debug commands now grouped in command palette under "Cody Debug"
> - New sidebar menu item to open the output channel
> - New settings menu button to enable debug mode and output channel

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Debug commands are now grouped in command palette under "Cody Debug"
- Added an "Open Output Channel" sidebar menu item, that opens the VS Code output panel with "Cody by Sourcegraph" selected
- Added a debug button in the top right of the Cody settings panel, which sets `{ "cody.debug.verbose": true }` and opens the VS Code output panel
```

^ @abeatrix is that correct

^ (also why do we have two ways of doing the same thing, and that they're slightly different?)

Reviewer 3: The sidebar is not available to users who can't / haven't logged in, is that what you're referring to (sidebar vs menu)?

<Video 
  source={{
    mp4: 'blog/vscode-v1-10-Improved-Document-Command-v2'
  }}
  loop={true}
  title="Improved Document Command"
/>

## GPT-4 Turbo upgrade
For Cody Pro users, [GPT-4 Turbo](https://platform.openai.com/docs/models/gpt-4-and-gpt-4-turbo) now uses the `gpt-4-0125-preview` model. 

## Claude 3 Haiku is now available for Cody Pro 

For Cody Pro users we've added Anthropic’s latest AI model, [Claude 3 Haiku](https://www.anthropic.com/news/claude-3-haiku), alongside Sonnet and Opus. This new model offers significantly faster speeds while maintaining quality and coherence. To start using Claude 3 Haiku start a new chat and select it from the list of models:

<Figure
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/cody-vscode-1.10.0/claude3-haiku.png"
  alt="Claude3 Haiku in the LLM Selection dropdown"
/>

> ## New debug options

Reviewer 3: Personally think this should be grouped with the `Support links for Cody Pro and Enterprise` entry above, and mention attaching the logs when they file a support ticket can speed things up etc, and then proceed with how they can get the logs with these new Debug command. wdyt?
